yeah um what what yeah League of Legends
son uh-huh Here I am sitting in my
basement I gave up school cuz I called
me an absence it in my bed wooden on my
headset log in to vent to hit the place
Fred double-click me I can on my screen
I type in my phone my password cream
clicked on the button labeled play join
the queue enjoy my day him look I found
your game time to join and increase my
flaming a big moth driven here a her
name and the little girl she's not
pakistani should spy on my hands and
some is a bear you better run faster
worst nightmare I run up my lane killing
creeps no one the round and the other
team sleeps suddenly he comes out there
nowhere with the demi de come too late
to declare runs around swinging his
sword i cast 'field i am quickly
restored I throw up my hands and
Catherine generate my son is ready
Anahola disintegrate their faces melted
the judging the level my rod is smelted
I die so soon in my pages you gotta head
back the town to spend my well speak up
to the limit much needed self run up the
wreck into that town I dropped a
dividend the tower to sound 19 girls
back I yelled Oh down the inhibitor
must go I throw one strike noir throw to
it falls to the gunman one less blue
civic leagues rush up to middle lane the
other team is about to be in pain upon
my recalling I get out hot team Cheers
enemies out why you did this loophole
sonam you can press be ok we come back
we grew up the kill zone there in the
enemies with you with a super creeps
inherit taking at that big worm thing
with once we've shot in Falls on repeat
them out of our buck on and work from a
powered bus to the center what what as
they cower and we take out the final to
try with the other team falls at the
final hour
Texas goes downwards blame type it all
shy bad at this game that they all cry
to reach everyone to the term it was
just every 10 just for fun one and the
one look you cute one day be as good as
me